this is a guide to completing Audrey
challenges for the Dexter industries
mission for the comedian challenge she
required to find intake or D disguises
in the Dexter industries mission load
into factory compound on the normal
difficulty shoot the guard lynly on the
entrance of the mine and take his outfit
get to the other side from bridge by
pushing yards off the side of the bridge
and jump up to the bathroom window
pulled a truck driver out of the window
and drop back down to take his outfit go
into the garage and wait for the client
in a suit to get close to it for
something at a wall so that he comes to
investigate take him out and pick up his
outfit go into the back of the garage
and pick up the key card go into the
factory and onto the roof and climbed
down the side of the factory make your
way into the hut with the key card the
charlie dad chip mag outfit is in the
hut for the suit only challenge you are
required to finish each part of the
Dexter industries mission without using
disguises load into dead end on the
normal difficulty at a first security
station wait for a guard leaning on the
wall to have gone then he can climb into
it after this errand secured his system
they go to the u-shaped bit of wall and
wait for a guard to have walked past you
then keep going deeper into the area
past the right side of the car and take
cover under barrels ahead wed forgot to
show up and talk to the guard inside the
second security station he will leave
after a short wild and he can get into
the second security station and deserve
at a backup security system there pick
up the wrench and get out of the second
security station through the other
window ferred arrange to the left of the
guards standing in front of the second
security station then he can sneak to
the accident of dead end in the old
milder only three guards which he can
easily shoot for the scent make you way
down to the entrance of the mind and
wait for the two yards to finish talking
then sneak past them and keep going down
take out the two yards in front of the
door then he joined past the door
followed a walkway outside to a ladder
and go to lower level
go into the main main area and enter
point shoot mode to take out the guards
that are assembled there keep going and
take out the last two guards in the area
now we can finish this end of that
firing about any more cards in the
factory compound chute de garde leaning
on the entrance to the map then you over
the bridge pushing off the guards near
the edge go into the leftmost area and
take out a two guards there then go to
the roof of the factory and take out a
guardare to climb down the ladder into
the factory here you will have to take
our guards as you see them entering
point shoot mode when necessary make
your way to the elevator for the sore
loser challenge you're required to kill
the guards playing the video game and
destroy the television load into the old
mine on the normal difficulty sneak
behind the two guards playing the video
game and enter point shoot mode marked
or two guards and ender television and
execute the shots for a cliffhanger
challenge you're required to kill an
enemy with a long drop load into descend
and sneak down to a lower level pulled a
guard out of the window for a new toys
challenge you're required to kill 5
yards with proximity mines get a client
suit in the way described early in the
chameleon challenge and go to the main
lobby when you are close to it enter
point shoot mode and mark the mines it
is easy and point shoot mode but he
can't enter point shoot mode once
enemies are hostile wait for enemies to
get close to mine Stan shoot des mines
for the packing heat challenge you're
required to enter the two weapon rooms
in the Dexter industries mission first
load into dead end on a normal
difficulty and sneak into the area on
the left side wait from two yards near
building to have stopped talking and
followed a guard at enters the building
pick up the key card inside the building
then get out of the area again in the
same way you got into it climb through
the window into the security station and
out the other side building in question
it's just a hit Georgia writes out of it
and open the door now load into factory
compound get a client suit and he card
and make your way into the room with the
Charlie 2.jpg outfit in it as described
before in the Committee on challenge for
under the bridge part 1 you're required
to kill an enemy using the Sun and
sniper rifle so the body falls off the
bridge load into factory compound on the
normal difficulty shooting guard leaning
on the entrance or to the mine and pick
up the sniper rifle there go to the edge
of the cliff ahead where there's a fence
then snapped a rightness enemy on the
bridge for under the bridge part 2
you're required to do the same thing
except for all three guards on the
bridge get first guard done in the same
way except wait until the guard near him
has gone off towards the middle of the
bridge then shooting out that comes to
investigate and then the guard on the
far side of the bridge 400 a bridge pad
3 you are required to snap three enemies
on the bridge within a few seconds of
each other shooting guard leinie on the
entrance of the mine and take the sniper
rifle then just shoot three enemies on
the bridge to complete the challenge the
rest of the challenges are unlocked when
you complete a purist run in the way the
guards on screen suggest for the
evidence collected challenge you're
required to pick up the evidence in
dead-end old mill descend and factory
compound for the infant fighter
challenge you're required to complete
the Dexter industries mission without
being spotted for the seal the deal
challenge you're required to reach the
main lobby of the factory compound
without being spotted for the
infiltration challenge you're required
to finish the mission for the mastery
challenge you're required to complete
old challenges for the Dexter industries
mission after you have completed the
high score onion you can expect 140
thousand eight hundred score from the
deck stains to his mission that is 50
1200 score from dead end 19,200 score
from
old mill 19,200 score from descent and
fifty one thousand two hundred school
from factory compound so they go thank
you very much for watching and until
next time
you